Update load-region-configs script to also load a test organization (#632)
PublicMapping/districtbuilder: README.md

### Development Data

#### Using pre-processed data for development and testing

> 1. Sign up for an account using the application (if you haven't already done so)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign up for an account in your dev instance at [http://localhost:3003](http://localhost:3003) the application (if you haven't already done so)
```
